# csc648 Repository

Application link : https://sfsu-fa21-csc648t3.net/

TutorPal aims to solve one of the largest roadblocks that SFSU students face - the inability to learn on demand, at their own pace, on subjects specific to SFSU. This web application is developed by SFSU students for SFSU students, meaning the developers have an understanding for what SFSU students need that other tutoring websites cannot satisfy.
One of the largest advantages TutorPal has over competing tutoring websites is that it is tailored for SFSU students and tutors. The website is laid out so that students can filter by their specific class, discover topics that each class explores and search for tutors based on those topics. Other websites do not know the class listing and specific topics of each class in SFSU, whereas TutorPal does. TutorPal sports a user-friendly experience that allows users to browse tutors and classes before registering, so that they have a reason to register in the first place. The registration screen will not appear until after the user selects on “schedule appointment”, that way they will have already set aside a time and date for their session – which helps retainability. Communication is one of this web application’s strong suits, allowing tutors and students to send messages to each other through its interface. You are also able to upload videos and pictures of each tutoring session.
Our startup team is excited to bring you TutorPal – an immersive web application that focuses on delivering the most concise interface between tutor and those seeking a tutor. We are a group of undergraduates and graduate students who strive to see TutorPal thrive because we share an understanding for those students who also seek assistance on various subjects specific to SFSU.
